Hi guys, Scifi Recapped here. Before we
start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today,
I`m gonna explain a 2019 science fiction
and thriller movie called Butt Boy.
This movie has a very unique
concept and storyline.
Make sure to watch it till the end to find out!
The story begins with Chip Gutchel, an IT staff
in a small corporate company, who seems unhappy
with his current job and unhappy with his life.
While having dinner with his family, Chip
tells his wife that he is going to get his
very first prostate exam tomorrow. It seems like
their current relationship is not that good.
His wife then continues talking to her
friend on the phone leaving and ignoring
Chip alone with their baby. Moving on to the
next day, Chip meets his doctor. Surprisingly,
he begins to feel and discover a new kind of
sensation while the doctor is examining him.
Since then, Chip`s weird habit to stick things up
his butt, which he finds unexpectedly pleasurable,
begins. The first thing to disappear is a bar
of soap, which he finds while having a bath.
The next day, even a TV remote control
becomes a victim of Chip`s bizarre behavior.
His wife tries to find the missing remote control,
but Chip pretends like he doesn't know anything.
Worse thing happens when he is left alone in
the house, where the poor Rocky, his own dog,
becomes the next victim and disappears. Chip
and his wife go to the local park to find the
missing Rocky, but as soon as he sees a woman
carrying her baby while sitting in the park,
suddenly Chip asks his wife to go
home and let him do the finding.
Can you guys guess what he is going to do? From
Chip’s facial expression, we can see that he is
thinking about shoving humans up to his butt,
and later on, he carries out his thinking.
A few moments later, several cops come to Chip`s
house and question him regarding the missing child
at the park. Chip plays dumb and tells the cops
that he didn`t see anything strange at the park.
Chip even helps the local community to find
the missing child, before self-disgust almost
overwhelms him. At some point, He also attempts
to commit suicide, but the rope cuts off.
The scene jumps forward nine years, when a local
detective named Russel Fox attends an Alcoholics
Anonymous or AA group. This group is a recovery
support for alcoholic people. There, they gather
and share about their problems. As a newcomer, he
is linked up with a sponsor who turns out to be
Chip himself. Chip and Russel then go for dinner,
where Russel shares that he is not married and has
no kids. On the other hand, Chip also admits
that his marriage is not in a good condition.
Even after several years have passed, Chip
seems still cannot escape from his bad habit.
While playing monopoly with his family, he is
triggered by a blue plastic cone and can't get it
out of his mind. At night, after some hesitation,
Chip finally takes that piece and puts it into his
butt. On the other side, we discover that
Russel became an alcoholic for a reason.
He stalks a girl with her husband who
seems to be his ex-wife. He even tries
to call the girl but receives no answer.
Chip`s addiction is now out of control as
he keeps inserting random stuff, even a BIG ONE,
into his butt and he seems to enjoy it very much.
He inserts almost everything that is available
in his house without having his wife know what
he has been doing. At work, Chip`s boss wants to
conduct a Take Your Child To Work Day, where all
the employees of the company bring their kids to
work and play together with them. The day comes
and Chip`s boss asks all the children to play hide
and seek, but Chip just keeps working as usual.
After doing so well in his previous missions,
Russel is assigned to investigate a missing
kid in the business district an hour ago. Guess
what? Yeah, it's in the company where Chip works.
Russel arrives at the office and learns that
every camera in that office has been wiped.
He starts interviewing the employees
one-by-one until the last one,
which turns out to be Chip. Russel suspects
Chip to be the culprit as he is the only IT
guy who has the capability to edit and
remove any surveillance camera`s datas.
Later, we discover that it was really Chip who
“kidnapped” the child by using his superpower butt
and kept the CCTV recording, but he refuses to
answer Russel and walks away from the interview.
Russel then becomes more suspicious towards Chip
as he finds a clue while inspecting his table.
After work, Chip`s wife discovers that her husband
has been joining an AA group all this time,
claiming that Chip has been lying all the time.
Feeling stressed, Chip decides to go out at night,
but it turns out that he goes to adopt a new
pet. At the same time, Russel is tailing Chip
to find out about his suspicion. He hides
inside his car, so that Chip won’t spot him.
Because of this, he lost sight of Chip.
He then roams around to find Chip,
and eventually he finds the cage where Chip keeps
the adopted pet, but strangely, there’s nothing
there. There, he also finds something similar
to the clue he finds in Chip’s office desk.
The next day, Russel explains to his superior
that Chip is the “kidnapper” by cramming objects,
especially the missing child, up his butt. But
his boss doesn't buy the theory, leaving the
detective with no choice but to go rogue.
After being absent for a week, Chip finally
comes back to the AA`s sharing session. After the
sharing session, Chip invites Russel to come over
to have dinner at his house. The detective tells
Chip`s wife that he is pretty close to finding the
“kidnapper”, which makes Chip panic. He tries to
change the topic by asking Russel whether he has a
girlfriend or not. Before the detective leaves,
he suddenly asks Chip to borrow the bathroom.
Chip seems panicked because he kept the CCTV
recording in the bathroom. Out of nowhere,
he starts banging the door, forcing Russel to get
out immediately. But fortunately, Russel manages
to discover the disk before the door is broken.
While driving home, Russel realizes that he has
been tailed by Chip. He stops and both of them
start fighting. Eventually, The detective wins the
fight, but suddenly Chip puts down his pants and
starts producing a huge air vortex from his butt,
pulling Russel`s car. But somehow, Russel
manages to start the car and drives away.
He immediately goes to his former boss’
office to prove his statements before,
but sadly, his boss tells him to get lost.
At some point, Russel is finally brave enough
to visit the girl that was shown in the previous
scene, proving that she is indeed his ex-wife that
is currently married to a new guy. Later,
he sneaks into his former office. There,
we also discover that the missing baby at the
very first scene of the movie is Russel`s.
That is why he seems to be so desperate
and hopeless throughout the movie.
Long story short, to celebrate Chip`s son`s
birthday, Chip invites his family and friends
to play “laser battlefield”. Unexpectedly, Russel
also joins the “battlefield”, but with a real gun,
aiming his AA sponsor who turns out to be his
baby`s “kidnapper”. He manages to shoot Chip
in the leg. Feeling cornered, Chip unleashes his
ultimate weapon which is the same huge air vortex
from his butt, causing Russel to pass out. Russel
wakes up in a very strange and smelly environment.
There, he meets Andrew, the missing child who was
kidnapped at Chip`s office. He states that they
are currently at Chip`s digestive system, to be
exact, rectum. Suddenly, a huge amount of gas is
released and it turns out that it is a fart. After
that, Russel and Andrew continue exploring Chip`s
digestive system. They manage to find Rocky,
the missing dog, and Russel`s missing baby who
has grown into a young boy. They also discover
all the stuff that Chip shoved up his butt.
One month later after getting shot, Chip`s butt is
being examined by a doctor before being released
to ensure no internal bleeding occurs. Because of
that, Russel manages to find a way out and starts
planning a strategy. Chip also gets appreciated
by his AA`s mates and even gets a promotion at
his office, because of Chip’s bravery to
escape from a “life or death situation”.
Later, Russel`s strategy seems to be working
as Chip starts to discharge the soap, TV remote
control, and even HIS DOG from his butt. To cure
his “stomachache”, Chip drinks a bottle of stomach
elixir, but this liquid drops into Andrew`s
face, leaves burn marks, and a few moments later,
he dies. The next day, Chip is invited by Mayor
Cage to celebrate his braveness. While giving
his speech at the podium, he feels something is
wrong with his stomach. Turns out that Russel
has been pouring liquid that triggers Chip`s
digestive system to produce a huge amount of gas.
After that, he lights up his lighter, causing Chip
to explode and die immediately. In the middle of
chaos, Russel and his son manage to survive
and Russel hands over the CCTV recording to
his shocked boss. At the end of the movie, Russel
brings his long-awaited son to the hospital where
the kid finally manages to meet his mom again.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like to
help the channel out, thank you for watching.